Fixed an issue where look back parameter has empty value (#24849)
demisto/content: Packs/Base/ReleaseNotes/1_31_68.md

#### Scripts
##### CommonServerPython

> - Fixed an issue where the *look_back* parameter was a empty value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the *look_back* parameter, in integrations supporting the look-back functionality, was empty.
```
